Remove see also (#37785)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/scripting/arrays/index.md

{{PreviousMenuNext("Learn_web_development/Core/Scripting/Useful_string_methods", "Learn_web_development/Core/Scripting/Silly_story_generator", "Learn_web_development/Core/Scripting")}}

> In this lesson we'll look at arrays — a neat way of storing a list of data items under a single variable name. Here we look at why this is useful, then explore how to create an {{jsxref("array")}}, retrieve, add, and remove items stored in an array, and more besides.

Reviewer: Use a regular Markdown link; otherwise it adds code formatting (I know you can suppress code formatting but I dislike the 3rd and 4th parameters of jsxref)

> In this lesson we'll look at arrays — a neat way of storing a list of data items under a single variable name. Here we look at why this is useful, then explore how to create an {{jsxref("array")}}, retrieve, add, and remove items stored in an array, and more besides.

Author: ```suggestion
In this lesson we'll look at arrays — a neat way of storing a list of data items under a single variable name. Here we look at why this is useful, then explore how to create an [array](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array), retrieve, add, and remove items stored in an array, and more besides.
```

In the next article we're giving you a challenge to test your understanding of the articles that came before it.

## See also

- [Indexed collections](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Indexed_collections)
  - : An advanced level guide to arrays and their cousins, typed arrays.
- {{jsxref("Array")}}
  - : The `Array` object reference page — for a detailed reference guide to the features discussed in this page, and many more.

> - [Aside: Intro to arrays](https://v2.scrimba.com/the-frontend-developer-career-path-c0j/~06e?via=mdn), Scrimba <sup>_MDN Curriculum partner_</sup>

Reviewer 2: @chrisdavidmills We might want to place this link somewhere else, instead of silently dropping it.
